Configuring the local domain on your computer is super easy in the terminal type pseudo nano ATC hosts.
And type your password when asked.
On the left, you need to type 127 oh.
Oh, one, which is your localhost IP address and on the right, separated by any number of spaces,
type the domain name.
This would be Laravel Dot Test.
Now, control, oh, will save the changes you need to confirm the filename, so yes, hit enter and
then control X will quit the ED.
You should be able to visit the Laravel dot test in the browser and see the Laravel project page, but
if you don't see it, try running this command in the terminal.
It is pseudo DNS cache, util, dash, flash cache.
It will flash their DNS cache off your system and should help also make sure you have restarted the
Apache server after making the virtual host config changes.
It might happen that when you would go on Laravel dot test to test your website, you would see this
permission error.
Well, don't worry about that.
It happens to fix this.
Just go to your application folder in the terminal and just run this command pseudo h mod dash, big
error, 777 storage slash da.
Well, this will basically fix the file permission issues that you might be having.
You would need to confirm with the password as this is an admin command.
Now refresh, and there it is, the Laravel Project, welcome page.
So everything is running correctly.